Phase 2

1. refactor
2. write unit tests
3. only push code that runs! (check that the main method in ATM doesn't crash)


Refactor (and add Phase 2 functionality)

10. Display classes (Arjun)
11. Account (Shourya)
    - joint accounts
ERRORS - ARJUN
- Bank Manager is not asked to set a default password for the user
- When user tries to change their password, the code crashes
- After creating an account, the program crashes when the user tries accessing their new account

Note

1. before deleting greyed-out methods in classes you're refactoring,
   check that these methods don't need to be used before deleting (i.e. if
   the method should be called in the main method but isn't yet, don't delete it!)


Presentation Classes
- Brittany (Data & People)
- Anna (Transactions)
- Shourya (Interfaces)
- Fatema (Requests, ForeignCurrency)

ATM Time: get current year, get current month
Account Manager: 1 constructor isnt used

Phase 1 Markus comments

Dear Group_0308 Members,

Thanks for your submission, please pay attention to the following notes in
order to improve your project for phase 2:

+ Your README file is not sufficient for a new user to understand how your
program works, please try to write more informative notes in that file.

+ I get an exception when I try to put in a username that does not exist.

+ There's no manager account (nor I could find a way to create the manager
account), so for now, it's impossible for me to further check the
functionality of your code just by reading your README file and not
digging into your code, please provide information on how the manager
account works.

+ There are some good programming practices that you could follow, naming
packaging the classes that you created in meaningful packages.

+ Some of your classes could use more comments, though I can see
sufficient comments in some classes.

Based on your instructions, I couldn't make sense of alerts.txt and why it
already has some lines of text in it. Please explain more about the
input/output files in your refined README file.

+ When a user types in inputs other than the type that the system requires
them (e.g. instead of yes/no user types in a random string), your program
exits with an exception.

+ Please revisit your UML file. Some of the decisions on inheritance does
not make sense. For example, Withdrawdisplay and Depositdisplay could
inherit from Account Display but there's no arrow between them.

+ Please pay more attention to naming conventions and try to be consistent
with them. For example in Transferdisplay class, one variable is named U,
and another is named command. Please note that the first letter of each
internal word capitalized when naming a class.

+ Your coding style seems consistent, good job on that!

+ Based on a quick look in your look, I can see that there are some unused
methods such as requestAccount and requestUndo. They could be indicators
of bad smells, or missing actual functionality from your program.

+ Generally, the size of your classes are reasonable, but the User class
can be considered as a Large Class. Please do the appropriate treatments
to get rid of these code smells.

Looking forward to your next submission!
All the best